MEN-6862: Add deprecation warning for `Connectivity` configuration options (#2266)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 03.Client-installation/07.Configuration-file/50.Configuration-options/docs.md

#### Connectivity

> !! This feature will be removed in Mender client 4.0, the client does not use HTTP Keep-Alive anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! This option will be removed in Mender client 4.0. and all HTTP requests will be sent without the Keep-Alive header.
```

No hard opinion, you decide if it's and improvement or not.

Reviewer 2: +1

In addition, I would say "This feature is not supported in Mender client 4.0 and later". It reads better if we assume a point in time where 4.0 has already been released.

Reviewer 3: This option is not supported starting from the Mender client version 4.0, and all the HTTP requests will be sent without the Keep-Alive header.

Author: Thank you. I used the future tense because it was already used in other warnings in this page. But I will now amend the other ones to align with the statement here.

#### UpdateControlMapExpirationTimeSeconds

> !! This option is not supported starting from the Mender client version 4.0. For server-side support duration, please refer to our [blog post](https://mender.io/blog/mender-3-6-auto-generation-of-delta-updates#:~:text=Deprecation%3A%20Synchronized%20updates).

Author: @tranchitella Would you keep here "feature"? I aligned it to "option" because it is repeated on each configuration _option_ of the update control maps feature. But I don't have an strong opinion.

Reviewer 3: I think "option" is the right word.
